Obs pipelines: Fix buffer metrics documentation (#34534)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/observability_pipelines/metrics/buffer.en.md

pipelines.source_buffer_utilization_mean
: Description: The exponentially weighted moving average (EWMA) of the number of events in the source's buffer.
: Metric type: gauge

pipelines.source_buffer_max_size_events
: Description: A source buffer's maximum event capacity.
: Metric type: gauge

### Processor buffer metrics

These metrics are specific to processor buffers, located upstream of a processor. Each processor emits its own respective buffer metrics. **Note**: Processor buffers are not configurable, but these metrics can help monitor backpressure as it propagates through your pipeline's processors.

pipelines.transform_buffer_utilization
: Description: Event count in a processor's buffer.
: Metric type: histogram

pipelines.transform_buffer_utilization_level
: Description: Event count in a processor's buffer.
: Metric type: gauge

pipelines.transform_buffer_utilization_mean
: Description: The exponentially weighted moving average (EWMA) of the number of events in a processor's buffer.
: Metric type: gauge

pipelines.transform_buffer_max_size_events
: Description: A processor buffer's maximum event capacity.
: Metric type: gauge

### Deprecated buffer metrics

> These metrics are still emitted by the Observability Pipelines Worker for backwards compatibility. Use the recommended replacements when possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These metrics are still emitted by the Observability Pipelines Worker for backwards compatibility. Datadog recommends using the replacements when possible.
```

Use these metrics to analyze buffer performance. All metrics are emitted on a one-second interval, unless otherwise stated. Note that `counter` metrics such as `pipelines.buffer_received_events_total` represent the count per one-second interval, not a cumulative total.

**Tags**
- Use the `component_id` tag to filter or group by individual components.

> - Use the `component_type` tag to filter or group by sources, transforms, or destinations.

Reviewer: Huh, this is a little tricky because we never mention `transforms` in the OP docs...and there's a bit of history to it. What about this:

```suggestion
- Use the `component_type` tag to filter or group by sources, processors, or destinations. **Note**: For processors, use `component_type:transforms`.
```
